Create "Integrate UI" related guides - Closes 1708 (#1715)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/integrate-blockchain/integrate-UI/create-get-account.adoc

        let responseError = '';
        let authenticationDetails;
        let accountBalance;

        // Retrieves the account details from the blockchain application, based on the provided address.
        await client.invoke("token_getBalance", {
            address: state.address,
            tokenID: "0000000000000000" // It can be found in the genesis_assets.json file of the client.
        }).then(async response => {
            if (typeof response.error !== 'undefined') {
                responseError = response.error.message
            } else {
                accountBalance = response;
                const authDetails = await client.invoke("auth_getAuthAccount", {
                    address: state.address,
                    tokenID: "0000000000000000"
                });
                authenticationDetails = authDetails;
            }
            return [response, authenticationDetails];
        })

        updateState({
            ...state,
            error: responseError,
            account: accountBalance,
            auth: authenticationDetails
        });
    };
    // [...]
}
export default GetAccountDetails;
----

> The `handleSubmit` function will use the *apiClient* to invoke the `token_getBalance` and `auth_getAuthAccount` endpoints. 

Reviewer: It would be cool to display the Hello message in the account details, too

                            <Form.Field>
                                <label>Lisk32 address:</label>
                                <input placeholder="Lisk32 address" id="address" name="address" onChange={handleChange} value={state.address} />
                            </Form.Field>
                            <Button type='submit' fluid size='large' style={{ backgroundColor: '#2BD67B', color: 'white' }}>Submit</Button>
                        </Form>
                    </div>

                    <div className='column'>
                        <>
                            {displayData()}
                        </>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </Container >
        </div >
    );
}
// [...]
----

Create a new account using the <<create-a-new-account-page, Create Account>> page, copy the address, and open the *AccountAccount details* page. 
[#check-balance]
Paste the copied Lisk32 address and click on the *Submit* button.
The UI will show you the details of the account similar to the following snapshot:

.Get account details
image::integrate-blockchain/integrate-ui/getAccountDetails.jpg["get details page", 800]

> Alternatively, if something goes wrong, the UI will also display the appropriate error, since in the `displayData` function we have implemented the UI for <<error-display, error handling>> as well.

Author: ```suggestion
In the case whereby an error occurs, it will be displayed in the UI, as in the `displayData` function we have also implemented <<error-display, error handling>>.
```
